#labels changelog
=RubyTime change log=

*0.14.0 * (31 May, 2006), author: Wiktor Gworek

  * Upgraded to Rail 1.2.3.
  * Added client's portal new functionality.
  * When adding new activity you can copy fields with recent activity data.
  * Added calendar view (like Google Calendar) when viewing activities (Month View).
  * Makeover of GUI, nice icons added.
  * Ability to disable projects, users and clients.
  * Added to model Client 2 new fields: login, password.
  * Added new migration 002_clientportal for client's portal functionality.
  * Added plugin CalendarHelper: http://wiki.rubyonrails.org/rails/pages/DynamicCalendarHelper

*0.13.1* (11 July, 2005)

  * Fixed that each request with the WEBrick adapter would open a new database connection #1685 [Sam Stephenson]
  * Added support for SQL Server in the database rake tasks #1652 [ken.barker@gmail.com] Note: osql and scptxfr may need to be installed on your development environment. This involves getting the .exes and a .rll (scptxfr) from a production SQL Server (not developer level SQL Server). Add their location to your Environment PATH and you are all set.
  * Added a VERSION parameter to the migrate task that allows you to do "rake migrate VERSION=34" to migrate to the 34th version traveling up or down depending on the current version
  * Extend Ruby version check to include RUBY_RELEASE_DATE >= '2005-12-25', the final Ruby 1.8.2 release #1674 [court3nay@gmail.com]
  * Improved documentation for environment config files #1625 [court3nay@gmail.com]


*0.13.0* (6 July, 2005)

  * Changed the default logging level in config/environment.rb to INFO for production (so SQL statements won't be logged)
  * Added migration generator: ./script/generate migration add_system_settings
  * Added "migrate" as rake task to execute all the pending migrations from db/migrate
  * Fixed that model generator would make fixtures plural, even if ActiveRecord::Base.pluralize_table_names was false #1185 [Marcel Molina]
  * Added a DOCTYPE of HTML transitional to the HTML files generated by Rails #1124 [Michael Koziarski]
  * SIGTERM also gracefully exits dispatch.fcgi.  Ignore SIGUSR1 on Windows.
  * Add the option to manually manage garbage collection in the FastCGI dispatcher.  Set the number of requests between GC runs in your public/dispatch.fcgi [skaes@web.de]
  * Allow dynamic application reloading for dispatch.fcgi processes by sending a SIGHUP. If the process is currently handling a request, the request will be allowed to complete first. This allows production fcgi's to be reloaded without having to restart them.
  * RailsFCGIHandler (dispatch.fcgi) no longer tries to explicitly flush $stdout (CgiProcess#out always calls flush)
  * Fixed rakefile actions against PostgreSQL when the password is all numeric #1462 [michael@schubert.cx]
  * ActionMailer::Base subclasses are reloaded with the other rails components #1262
  * Made the WEBrick adapter not use a mutex around action performance if ActionController::Base.allow_concurrency is true (default is false)
  * Fixed that mailer generator generated fixtures/plural while units expected fixtures/singular #1457 [Scott Barron]
  * Added a 'whiny nil' that's aim to ensure that when users pass nil to methods where that isn't appropriate, instead of NoMethodError? and the name of some method used by the framework users will see a message explaining what type of object was expected. Only active in test and development environments by default #1209 [Michael Koziarski]
  * Fixed the test_helper.rb to be safe for requiring controllers from multiple spots, like app/controllers/article_controller.rb and app/controllers/admin/article_controller.rb, without reloading the environment twice #1390 [Nicholas Seckar]
  * Fixed Webrick to escape + characters in URL's the same way that lighttpd and apache do #1397 [Nicholas Seckar]
  * Added -e/--environment option to script/runner #1408 [fbeausoleil@ftml.net]
  * Modernize the scaffold generator to use the simplified render and test methods and to change style from @params["id"] to params[:id].  #1367
  * Added graceful exit from pressing CTRL-C during the run of the rails command #1150 [Caleb Tennis]
  * Allow graceful exits for dispatch.fcgi processes by sending a SIGUSR1. If the process is currently handling a request, the request will be allowed to complete and then will terminate itself. If a request is not being handled, the process is terminated immediately (via #exit). This basically works like restart graceful on Apache. [Jamis Buck]
  * Made dispatch.fcgi more robust by catching fluke errors and retrying unless its a permanent condition. [Jamis Buck]
  * Added console --profile for profiling an IRB session #1154 [Jeremy Kemper]
  * Changed console_sandbox into console --sandbox #1154 [Jeremy Kemper]


*0.12.1* (20th April, 2005)

  * Upgraded to Active Record 1.10.1, Action Pack 1.8.1, Action Mailer 0.9.1, Action Web Service 0.7.1

*0.12.0* (19th April, 2005)

  * Fixed that purge_test_database would use database settings from the development environment when recreating the test database #1122 [rails@cogentdude.com]
  * Added script/benchmarker to easily benchmark one or more statement a number of times from within the environment. Examples:
{{{
    # runs the one statement 10 times
    script/benchmarker 10 'Person.expensive_method(10)'
    
    # pits the two statements against each other with 50 runs each
    script/benchmarker 50 'Person.expensive_method(10)' 'Person.cheap_method(10)'
}}}
  * Added script/profiler to easily profile a single statement from within the environment. Examples:
{{{
    script/profiler 'Person.expensive_method(10)'
    script/profiler 'Person.expensive_method(10)' 10 # runs the statement 10 times
}}}
  * Added Rake target clear_logs that'll truncate all the `*.log` files in log/ to zero #1079 [Lucas Carlson]
  * Added lazy typing for generate, such that ./script/generate cn == ./script/generate controller and the likes #1051 [k@v2studio.com]
  * Fixed that ownership is brought over in pg_dump during tests for PostgreSQL #1060 [pburleson@gmail.com]
  * Upgraded to Active Record 1.10.0, Action Pack 1.8.0, Action Mailer 0.9.0, Action Web Service 0.7.0, Active Support 1.0.4


*0.11.1* (27th March, 2005)

  * Fixed the dispatch.fcgi use of a logger
  * Upgraded to Active Record 1.9.1, Action Pack 1.7.0, Action Mailer 0.8.1, Action Web Service 0.6.2, Active Support 1.0.3

*0.11.0* (22th March, 2005)

  * Removed SCRIPT_NAME from the WEBrick environment to prevent conflicts with PATH_INFO #896 [Nicholas Seckar]
  * Removed ?$1 from the dispatch.f/cgi redirect line to get rid of 'complete/path/from/request.html' => nil being in the @params now that the ENV["REQUEST_URI"] is used to determine the path #895 [dblack/Nicholas Seckar]
  * Added additional error handling to the FastCGI dispatcher to catch even errors taking down the entire process
  * Improved the generated scaffold code a lot to take advantage of recent Rails developments #882 [Tobias Luetke]
  * Combined the script/environment.rb used for gems and regular files version. If vendor/rails/`*` be called from a sub-dir has all the frameworks, then files version is used, otherwise gems #878 [Nicholas Seckar]
  * Changed .htaccess to allow dispatch.`*` to be called from a sub-directory as part of the push with Action Pack to make Rails work on non-vhost setups #826 [Nicholas Seckar/Tobias Luetke]
  * Added script/runner which can be used to run code inside the environment by eval'ing the first parameter. Examples:
{{{    
    ./script/runner 'ReminderService.deliver'
    ./script/runner 'Mailer.receive(STDIN.read)'
}}}  
  This makes it easier to do CRON and postfix scripts without actually making a script just to trigger 1 line of code.

  * Fixed webrick_server cookie handling to allow multiple cookes to be set at once #800, #813 [dave@cherryville.org]
  * Fixed the Rakefile's interaction with postgresql to:

    1. Use PGPASSWORD and PGHOST in the environment to fix prompting for 
       passwords when connecting to a remote db and local socket connections. 
    2. Add a '-x' flag to pg_dump which stops it dumping privileges #807 [rasputnik]
    3. Quote the user name and use template0 when dumping so the functions doesn't get dumped too #855 [pburleson]
    4. Use the port if available #875 [madrobby]

  * Upgraded to Active Record 1.9.0, Action Pack 1.6.0, Action Mailer 0.8.0, Action Web Service 0.6.1, Active Support 1.0.2


*0.10.1* (7th March, 2005)

  * Fixed rake stats to ignore editor backup files like model.rb~ #791 [skanthak]
  * Added exception shallowing if the DRb server can't be started (not worth making a fuss  about to distract new users) #779 [Tobias Luetke]
  * Added an empty favicon.ico file to the public directory of new applications (so the logs are not spammed by its absence)
  * Fixed that scaffold generator new template should use local variable instead of instance variable #778 [Dan Peterson]
  * Allow unit tests to run on a remote server for PostgreSQL #781 [adamm@galacticasoftware.com]
  * Added web_service generator (run ./script/generate web_service for help) #776 [Leon Bredt]
  * Added app/apis and components to code statistics report #729 [Scott Barron]
  * Fixed WEBrick server to use ABSOLUTE_RAILS_ROOT instead of working_directory #687 [Nicholas Seckar]
  * Fixed rails_generator to be usable without RubyGems #686 [Cristi BALAN]
  * Fixed -h/--help for generate and destroy generators #331
  * Added begin/rescue around the FCGI dispatcher so no uncaught exceptions can bubble up to kill the process (logs to log/fastcgi.crash.log)
  * Fixed that association#count would produce invalid sql when called sequentialy #659 [kanis@comcard.de]
  * Fixed test/mocks/testing to the correct test/mocks/test #740
  * Added early failure if the Ruby version isn't 1.8.2 or above #735
  * Removed the obsolete -i/--index option from the WEBrick servlet #743
  * Upgraded to Active Record 1.8.0, Action Pack 1.5.1, Action Mailer 0.7.1, Action Web Service 0.6.0, Active Support 1.0.1

*Older changelog can be found in SVN repository [http://rubytime.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/CHANGELOG http://rubytime.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/CHANGELOG].*











